Added Kiali feature to the Istio installation (#4019)
kyma-project/kyma: resources/istio/README.md

    $ kubectl create ns $NAMESPACE
    ```

> 1. If you are enabling `kiali`, the secret will be created automatically with the username `admin` and an autogenerated passphrase. To get the password use:

Reviewer: What is with monitoring? Is it required to get kiali working? If so, please mention it here.

Author: Yes, it is. As written in the PR message, Kiali requires Prometheus to be installed.

> 1. If you are enabling `kiali`, make sure you have enabled `prometheus-operator` and `monitoring` components. Kiali installer will generate the secret with the username `admin` and an autogenerated passphrase, you will need these to login to Kiali UI. To get the password use:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. If you enable Kiali, enable `prometheus-operator` and `monitoring` components first. The Kiali installer generates a random password for the `admin` user and stores it in a Secret. Use the `admin` user to login to the Kiali UI. Run this command to get the password:
```

> 1. If you are enabling `kiali`, make sure you have enabled `prometheus-operator` and `monitoring` components. Kiali installer will generate the secret with the username `admin` and an autogenerated passphrase, you will need these to login to Kiali UI. To get the password use:

Reviewer 2: Please update the list to use `1. 2. 3. 4.` instead of all `1.`s as it breaks the ordering in the rendered file.

> ```

Reviewer 2: Please make sure you indent the entire code block so that Markdown renders it as a part of the list entry rather than a separate intity.

> $ kubectl -n istio-system get secret kiali -o json | jq -r .data.passphrase | base64 -D | awk '{print "Password:", $1}' 

Reviewer 3: Please put this in the `service-mesh` docu, kiali is a new feature enabled in the mesh so such info should be easily visible and accessible for the users.
Is it possible to integrate Kiali with dex ?

> $ kubectl -n istio-system get secret kiali -o json | jq -r .data.passphrase | base64 -D | awk '{print "Password:", $1}' 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
$ kubectl -n istio-system get secret kiali -o json | jq -r .data.passphrase | base64 --decode | awk '{print "Password:", $1}' 
```

> ```

Reviewer 2: Additional comment - in the `Configuration` section please change the default value of the `global.tag` parameter. I checked with @strekm and it's `1.1.0`
